What’s with the panic?
Your Highness.
Please come with me quickly.
What happened? What’s going on?
Oh no.
Your Highness, there’s no time to explain.
The Emperor is still out in the rear garden in the cold.
No matter how anyone tries to persuade him,
the Emperor won’t listen.
It’s late, and I didn’t dare to disturb the Empress Dowager.
Shen Wu had me come to fetch you.
He said you would know what to do.
Hurry, let’s go.
It’s really laughable, truly laughable.
The Emperor has been sitting there since the afternoon.
He ordered everyone to stay away.
He said he wanted to be alone.
Your Majesty, what’s wrong?
Please come back to the palace with me.
No one is allowed near me.
Your Majesty, it’s me, Song Qianyu.
Why are you here?
I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have treated you like that.
I really am at fault.
I’m sorry. I’m sorry to the Empress.
Your Majesty, please come back to the palace with me.
Alright.
Your Majesty.
Your Majesty, Your Majesty.